Add workaround of fail to enable monitoring addon (#512)
harvester/docs: docs/troubleshooting/monitoring.md

To now, the `Volume` is expanded to the new size and the POD is using it smoothly.

## Fail to Enable `rancher-monitoring` Addon

You may encounter this when you install the Harvester v1.3.0 or higher version cluster with the minimal 250 GB disk per [hardware requirements](../install/requirements.md#hardware-requirements).

### Reproduce Steps

1. Install the Harvester v1.3.0 cluster.

1. Enable the `rancher-monitoring` [addon](../advanced/addons.md), you will observe:

> - The POD `prometheus-rancher-monitoring-prometheus-0` in `cattle-monitoring-system` namespace fails to start due to PVC attached failed.

Reviewer: I rewrote the "Reproduce Steps" section and removed the heading because the content is for users, not QA.

> - The POD `prometheus-rancher-monitoring-prometheus-0` in `cattle-monitoring-system` namespace fails to start due to PVC attached failed.

Author: BTW, somebody also has no interest of those `TL, DR` sections at first glance, they want to locate the `Workaround` directly.

      Warning  FailedAttachVolume  90s (x9 over 3m42s)    attachdetach-controller  AttachVolume.Attach failed for volume "pvc-bbe8760d-926c-484a-851c-b8ec29ae05c0" : rpc error: code = Aborted desc = volume pvc-bbe8760d-926c-484a-851c-b8ec29ae05c0 is not ready for workloads

    $ kubectl get pvc -A
    NAMESPACE                  NAME                                                                                             STATUS   VOLUME                                     CAPACITY   ACCESS MODES   STORAGECLASS           AGE
    cattle-monitoring-system   prometheus-rancher-monitoring-prometheus-db-prometheus-rancher-monitoring-prometheus-0           Bound    pvc-bbe8760d-926c-484a-851c-b8ec29ae05c0   50Gi       RWO            harvester-longhorn     7m12s

    $ kubectl get volume -A
    NAMESPACE         NAME                                       DATA ENGINE   STATE      ROBUSTNESS   SCHEDULED   SIZE          NODE     AGE
    longhorn-system   pvc-bbe8760d-926c-484a-851c-b8ec29ae05c0   v1            detached   unknown                  53687091200            6m55s

    ```

> - Longhorn manager fails to schedule the replica.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Longhorn Manager is unable to schedule the replica.
```

    prometheus-rancher-monitoring-prometheus-db-prometheus-rancher-monitoring-prometheus-0           Bound    pvc-bbe8760d-926c-484a-851c-b8ec29ae05c0   50Gi       RWO            harvester-longhorn   14m
    ```

1. Delete the remaining `prometheus` pvc, the `altertmanager` pvc can be kept.

    ```
    $ kubectl delete pvc -n cattle-monitoring-system prometheus-rancher-monitoring-prometheus-db-prometheus-rancher-monitoring-prometheus-0 
    persistentvolumeclaim "prometheus-rancher-monitoring-prometheus-db-prometheus-rancher-monitoring-prometheus-0" deleted

    $ kubectl get pvc -n cattle-monitoring-system
    NAME                                                                                             STATUS   VOLUME                                     CAPACITY   ACCESS MODES   STORAGECLASS         AGE
    alertmanager-rancher-monitoring-alertmanager-db-alertmanager-rancher-monitoring-alertmanager-0   Bound    pvc-cea6316e-f74f-4771-870b-49edb5442819   5Gi        RWO            harvester-longhorn   16m
    ```

> 1. Select `Edit YAML` from the right side **⋮** pop up menu of `rancher-monitoring` on **Addon** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the **Addons** screen of the Harvester UI, select **⋮** (menu icon) and then select **Edit YAML**.
```

    ![](/img/v1.3/troubleshooting/edit-rancher-monitoring.png)

1. Change the two `50` to `30` and save, the `promethues` feature will use `30GiB` disk to store data.

    ![](/img/v1.3/troubleshooting/edit-rancher-monitoring-yaml.png)

    You can use `kubectl` to edit the object alternatively:

    `kubectl edit addons.harvesterhci.io -n cattle-monitoring-system rancher-monitoring`

    ```
            retentionSize: 50GiB // Change 50 to 30
            storageSpec:
              volumeClaimTemplate:
                spec:
                  accessModes:
                    - ReadWriteOnce
                  resources:
                    requests:
                      storage: 50Gi // Change 50 to 30
                  storageClassName: harvester-longhorn
    ```

1. Enable the `rancher-monitoring` addon and wait 2 minutes.

> 1. All pods are successfully deployed, the `rancher-monitoring` feature is avaiable.

Author: `addon` is widerly used in both document https://docs.harvesterhci.io/v1.3/advanced/addons and Harvester UI
